NEXT-18578 - Add cookies with apps (#432)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/apps/storefront/cookies-with-apps.md

                    <snippet-description>example-app-with-cookies.my-cookie.description</snippet-description>
                    <value>a static value for the cookie</value>
                    <expiration>1</expiration>
                </cookie>
            </entries>
        </group>
    </cookies>
</manifest>
```
{% endcode %}

A `group` element consists of three child elements to configure the cookie group. Here is a description of all of them:

* `snippet-name` (required): A string that represents the label of the cookie group in the cookie consent manager. To provide translations this should be the key of a storefront snippet.
* `entries` (required): Contains the grouped cookies. It is a collection of `cookie` elements described in the previous section. 
* `snippet-description` (optional): A string that represents the description of the cookie group in the cookie consent manager. To provide translations this should be the key of a storefront snippet.

For a complete reference of the structure of the manifest file, take a look at the [Manifest reference](../../../../resources/references/app-reference/manifest-reference.md).

## Snippet handling

> As already mentioned in the previous sections both the `cookie` as well as the `group` elements can contain `snippet-name` and `snippet-description` child elements. Although their values can be strings that will be displayed in the storefront as is, the prefered way to set up cookie names and descriptions is to provide storefront snippets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As already mentioned in the previous sections, both the `cookie` and the `group` elements can contain `snippet-name` and `snippet-description` child elements. Although their values can be strings that will be displayed in the Storefront as-is, the prefered way to set up cookie names and descriptions is to provide storefront snippets.
```

> As already mentioned in the previous sections both the `cookie` as well as the `group` elements can contain `snippet-name` and `snippet-description` child elements. Although their values can be strings that will be displayed in the storefront as is, the prefered way to set up cookie names and descriptions is to provide storefront snippets.

Reviewer: Outline that it's prefered because, without a snippet, it wouldn't get translated.

If you are not familiar with setting up storefront snippets, please refer to our snippet guide.

{% page-ref page="../../plugins/storefront/add-translations.md" %}

## Reacting to cookie consent changes

> AS described in the previous section `cookie` elements without a `value` element will not be set automatically. Instead, you have to react to cookie consent changes within your JavaScript. How to react to cookie consent changes can be found in the following article:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As described in the previous section, `cookie` elements without a `value` element will not be set automatically. Instead, you have to react to cookie consent changes within your JavaScript. Find out how to respond to cookie consent changes in the following article:
```
